Now we have three sequel tables in the musical database.
We have three entity classes and three repositories.
So now we are all good with our spring wood application.
But before we run it, let's comment.
This annotations OK, decent property in JSON ignored.
These annotations no more required, I'm just commenting for your reference.
And we have already seen in the previous lectures right now.
Let's read our spring wood application and jump to browser.
This is the usual for replication sleazy MBAs over this part, right?
He did.
Let me zoom in.
OK, so that you can have a better idea, see, now we have three resources.
OK.
Why?
Because we have three tables in the musical database.
We have three and diddy glasses and three repositories.
OK, so Spring Guitarist is using these three A.D glasses and the repositories and using that it is
exposing them as wristbands.
OK, see, this is our base, but OK, but look at this one less departments, less subject lending
and less study.
This is via wallet is indicted for this.
These two knew it was now.
Yeah.
And for those, we have ended the classes and repositories as well.
Now we know right for our student table, the parent, the police department one.
So as of now, our all three tables are completely empty in the database.
So let's start by creating that, according to the department.
But then only we can create this one.
And then after we can create the records and do the subject above, right?
So let's copy this.
You are all for our department apps.
Go to postmen.
Jane, this to add to the proposed body rule, we know, right, Jason.
And we just need to provide the department.
This is identity glass.
This is all we need to pass.
The department name is.
Computer science.
Call this eBay.
He got the successful response.
OK, let's verify in the database.
Yes.
Now we have one record into the department.
Now let's zoom to restaurant table, OK?
This is also empty as of now.
So in one of the previous lectures we have already created does and right with this details first name,
last name and image.
But now we have one more column right in this table.
And that is Department I.D. OK.
So this is the foreign key and basically primary job department label.
So for that, what we have in our identity class, $200, this will right type department and ridiculous,
right?
So this we need to pass as rigorous payload, but not as JSON object, OK?
We don't need to do like this one.
No, we need to pass the reference.
OK.
Interesting format.
So this is our department's IPA.
We created this department, right?
Let's get department by ID.
OK.
Last one.
So this is our department under this department, we want to create one student, right, so copy this,
but this one, OK, including the idea has been don't include the bass part.
OK.
And these we need to possess string inside this distant object.
OK, whatever you have with your annotation, whatever relationship or joint column, you know what
example we have with this one department, OK?
So it's less departments.
This is EPA, and this is one particular department where it's equal to one.
And under this department, we want to create one student.
Right?
All these EPA.
See, we got success response point.
OK, let's verify in the database.
See, now we have one record inside the roundtable, but look at this one department IDs equal to one.
So this is basically pointing to this particular record using the concept of foreign key.
OK, now in the same way, we can have records inside Objective Lisbon.
So let's do it.
So first, this is the EPA.
You?
OK?
This one, my bed subjects learning.
New.
Host body.
And JSON format.
OK, we need to pass the subject name.
Say, for example, Java.
Max Opt-In type of integer.
So, for example, 70.
Then student, right?
So this we need to provide the reference.
So here also, we need to provide the reference in the same manner.
OK.
Just like we did for department, right in the student creation.
So this is how we are getting one particular student right?
Goodbye.
Call this one.
So for this student, we want to help one subject learning entry.
OK, so copy this slurs, as did his last one and provide in the string permit like this one.
So for this student, we want to help this sub dignities, OK, inside of us subjects learning table.
Call this eBay.
Because the success response rate, let's verify see, now we have one record inside the subject's landing
table.
OK.
And this is the foreign guy is equal to one in the same way we can have another one.
Jane, this data.
So, for example, my sequel, this is 60 called Abia.
Now we have a second record as well, OK, for this particular student.
So when you have equal relationships using the foreign key and you are using this putting the arrest,
then you need to pass this kind of reference.
OK.
You don't need to provide all the things or you just if you just provide like this one, OK, ID equal
to one.
This will not what you need to provide the proper EPA.
And this is the best place.
OK.
You can look and don't include the best part when you are providing the reference while you are handling
the sequel relationships.
OK?
Using the spring guitarist, you just need to pass this kind of thing.
So les depts, les ideaof of the department department and whatever is your unique identifier?
Bassett Okay, same for this one, is it?
Look at this one.
So this is how you can handle sequel relationships while working with spinning guitarist.
That's all for now.
And we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.